style: make sure components work in Windows HC mode (#2876)
digdir/designsystemet: .changeset/strange-ligers-search.md

---
"@digdir/designsystemet-css": patch
---

> Style for High Contrast mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added styling for High Contrast mode on Windows
```

> Added styling for High Contrast mode on Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added styling for Windows High Contrast mode and [forced-colors](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/forced-colors)
```
